I.T. Terminology or Jargon:
---------------------------
munge (or mung) [Mash Until No Good] - (v) 1. to make repeated changes whick individually may be reversible, yet which ultimately result in unintentional, irreversible destruction of large portions of the original item
                                 2. to tie together systems and interfaces not designed to interoperate
				 3. to process or filter raw data into another form
				 4. to transform data in an undefined or unexplained manner
				 5. to corrupt a record by erroneously merging in information from another record
                                 
munged password - (n) a password transformed from original plaintext by character solution

data munging/wrangling - the process of manually converting or mapping data from one 'raw' form into another format

address munging - the practice of disguising an email address to prevent automated extraction and spamming

kludge (or kluge) - (n) 1. a quick, possibly temporary, inelegant, ad-hoc, non-extensible solution
                        2. a system that comprises poorly interoperating components originally intended for other applications


lint tool - (n) a utility that flags `lint` and other suspicious coding constructs
lint - (n) a syntactic discrepancy; a syntactic construct not consistent with style guidelines or intuition

fallthrough - (n) the characteristic of an unstructured switch whereby switch labels act as goto statements

Duff's device
loop unwinding
loop unrolling


mu-operator (aliases: minimization op'r, unbounded search op'r) - (n) returns the least nature number with a given property

globbing [< global command] - (n) pattern matching in a Unix-like environment based on wildcard characters

clobbering - (n) overwritting the contents of a file or computer memory, usually unintentionally

standard list of metasyntactic variables:
foo, bar, baz, qux, quux, quuux, ...

thunk (suspension, suspended computation, delayed computation) - a parameterless closure created to prevent the evaluation of an expression until forced at a later time. In lazy langauges, thunks are created and forced implicitly; in eager languages, thunks can be created explicitly by wrapping an expression in a parameterless anonymous function

trampoline - 1. a loop that iteratively invokes thunk-returning function (continuation-passing style); trampolines can be used to implement tail-recursive function calls in stack-oriented programming languages; 2. (java) the use of reflection to avoid inner classes (e.g., event listeners)

fluent interface - an implementation of an object-oriented API that aims to provide more readable code, normally by using method cascading

chord - a set of keys to be pressed simulataneously
combinator - a high-order function that uses only function application and earlier defined combinators to define a result from its arguments
Y combinator
I combinator
K combinator
S combinator
thrush combinator - Txy = yz

code kata - an exercise in programming that helps programmers hone their skills through practice and repetition
Datensparsamkeit (< Grm, data parsimony/frugality) - 
